hi this is Pam Dina here thank you so
much for tuning in to you to be
marketing it more with me and this is a
place I want to share with you about my
know-how my experience and also
templates and I want to help you to
think strategically do your job better
and hopefully by doing that you can
climb the corporate ladder faster for
today I want to share with you a case
study is how I work with one specific
client of mine and to help her in terms
of a budget planning and the some of the
process that I actually went through
with her I think you will find it
interesting so Cindy not just cover
Cindy it's a newly promoted VP of
Marketing for a manufacturing company
and she's very very good at her job
she's always in the Wiis and tried to
get things done it doesn't matter what
kind of job or the tactics or initiative
that you give her she will find a way to
get it done and get it done flawlessly
however this year she needs it to have a
conversation with her manager who is a
VP of Marketing a very high level and
strategic discussion in terms of the
budget for 2020 and plus she wanted to
ask for more budget and that's hard to
do a lot of time when you work for
manufacturing companies so she purchased
a 10 hour consultation package she
wanted to work with me to actually
create a deck that she can actually
present it to the VP of Sales and have
in-depth conversation and also get a
budget as she requested so when we
started to engage the first thing she
sent to me was a laundry list of the
marketing expenses for 2019 frankly
that's not what I want to see what I
really want to see is her marketing plan
and she sent me the marketing plan as
well and it's very lengthy and that's
totally fine and what I did is I take
all the information in the marketing
plan and I picked the information that's
needed and created executive summary to
orient the VP of Sales to drive the
conversation there are only five
elements on the executive summary the
first one is business goal the second
one is business objective the third is
marketing objective the fourth is
marketing strategy and the fifth element
is KPI which is key performance
indicators
there are a lot of things she wants to
talk about I think no let's keep it very
very simple plus the VP of Sales really
don't have I don't know long attention
span so that's keep it very simple for
him and only give him enough information
to drive the conversation so the
business goal is pretty much a revenue
for 2020 what would that be and then the
business objective is what are some of
the existing business segments and also
the new business segments they want to
go after and the marketing objective is
very generic which is build a brand
awareness and a drive demand for the new
and existing industry segments whatever
that is and the strategy the marketing
strategy is a whole lot more specific
and cyndi identify three solid
leadership brain awareness and a
dimension so leadership is to position
the companies the leadership position by
showcasing subject matter experts
know-how and the knowledge right the
brain awareness is try to build brain
awareness by increasing the obtained
which is subscribers on their website
and the domain gene is really focused on
driving MQL through the email inquiries
and the contact forms from their website
so everything is very very specific in
terms of what Cindy needed to deliver
for 2019 and the KPI aligns with that
right so the number of the content
production that's aligned with the
thought leadership play and then the
opt-in subscriber aligned with the brain
awareness the last one is a number of
nql that she is responsible which is
dimension that is the executive summary
which is just enough element information
to orient the VP of Sales and after that
I told Cindy now you should categorize
the 2019 budget into these three
categories thought leadership dimension
and a brain awareness once we got that
done all the sudden you have a
high-level budget category right so it's
not a laundry list of information that
we want to share the VP of Sales that
will over
well him let's make it very simple now
can we look at for example you know the
content creation if she has $50,000 for
counting creation and then she generated
500 pieces of content then cost per
acquisition is $100 right so she spent
average 100 dollars per content piece
okay that's good information to know and
the same analogy apply and that's
assumes she spent two hundred thousand
dollars for dimension and the nql that
she actually did was two thousand again
that's $100 per cost per acquisition for
one and QL so with that kind of
information now you have a cost per
acquisition information then you can
actually determine what are some of the
goals that you want to accomplish for
2019 let's assume $100 cost per
acquisition for one and QL if you want
to increase the nql to three thousand
then all the send you have a projected
budget that you needed for 2020 which is
three hundred thousand dollars so having
a cost per acquisition having your goals
for 2020 multiply you can get a
projected budget for 2020 but that
should be your baseline you should not
take it as they are you have to take
other accounts into or other elements
into account for example for the content
creation so $100 per content piece and
now if you want to generate 700 pieces
of content then the projected budget is
$70,000 however cindy decided to do more
video production if we do video
production the cost per video is
substantially higher than just a blog
post therefore with that seventy
thousand dollars of projected budget you
need to think it through right if you
want to have a certain portion of it to
be a video production then you have to
increase that amount maybe to 90
thousand dollars so you have to add your
judgment call to the budget right now
just take the number as it is that same
also apply to the
dimension so that's assumed the cost per
one in QL is $100 but everything she did
tend to be organic now she wanted to add
for example pay media banner ads and
also pay search into part of dimension
that cost per acquisition for an QL is
likely to be increased because of a pay
element part of it so now you have to
judge that number and then determine
what is you'll go and then calculate
what is projected 2020 the revised
version of it so you have to think it
through have a baseline created some
sort of baseline
based on your historical information and
then make adjustment based on other
additional elements that you have that
you need to take into account with that
being said I also suggested we need to
do something new for 2020 you cannot
just do status quo every time you create
your annual plan you need to actually
have a something new that's actually a
great way to ask for additional budget
is actually have a new initiative so one
thing I did ask her to add is account
based marketing giving that her manager
is a VP of Sales if you want to talk
about count based marketing to
compliment the account base selling you
know what the VP of sale will definitely
entertain the ideas and discussion with
Cindy in terms of account based
marketing because that's going to help
the sales team so we created four slides
the number one slide is executive
summary like one I described and we add
one additional new initiative which is
enable sales through account based
marketing the second slide is really
about 2019 budget and a status update
which is the 2019 KPI update the third
slide is 20/20 proposed budget it's a
table also with a bunch of assumptions
identify and also the industry benchmark
that we want to share giving that
Cindy's budget is substantially lower
than the industry we kind of want to
have industry benchmark data to
substantiate that claim the fourth slide
is account based marketing so force lie
is literally a slide to talk about what
account based marketing is the benefit
of
how and what Cindy will do right so have
that specific information to drive the
conversation with the VP of Sales so
that's what I did
actually for Cindy and the meeting went
very very well and there were several
questions that the VP of sale had that
thing we needed to follow up Elian we do
not get all the budget but she did get
an incremental budget for account based
marketing and also pay such so that was
a huge win if you are working on your
budget and you need somebody to
brainstorm with reach out to me I love
to help you I understand that the budget
planning is whole lot more complicated
at the enterprise level however I also
have experience working on that based on
my past cobra experience but working
with me or not I hope that you actually
ask for additional budget and also share
with your manager in terms of additional
initiative that you want to do you know
test things out try multiple things
right and see if you can actually get
additional budget for your 2020
marketing plan I wish you best of luck
so that's it for today if you like the
content subscribe below or share with a
friend who may benefit in the meantime I
will see you next week thanks a lot bye